#summary List of who is creating each map and the various states of completion.

To sort out the confusion, everyone should put +'s before maps that are finished and put their names next to the cities/building/etc. that they are working on/going to work on.

   0. Johto (rmacnak)

+  1. Pallet Town (Brett Guiden)

+  2. Route 1 

+  3. Viridian City (PJ)

-  4. Routes 2 & 22 (Route 2 is complete) (Macnate)

+  5. Viridian Forest (Tim)

+   6. Pewter City (Twitch)

+  7. Route 3(Garrett)

   8. Mt. Moon (PJ)

+  9. Route 4 (Ryan Craine) **Done, but we didn't have some of the tiles; I made do**

+ 10. Cerulean City (Keegan)

+ 11. Routes 24 & 25 (Nickwest)

  12. Routes 5 & 6(Steve)

+ 13. Vermilion City (Frick)

+ 14. S.S. Anne (Frick)

+ 15. Route 11 (Cawhrin)

+ 16. Diglett's Cave (Jon)

+ 17. Routes 9 & 10 (Brad)

+ 18. Rock Tunnel (Craine)

+ 19. Lavender Town (Jon)

+ 20. Routes 7 & 8 (Route 7 done) (Jon and Cawhrin)

+ 21. Celadon City (Frick)

  22. Rocket Hideout (Craine)

+ 23. Pokémon Tower (Joe)

+ 24. Saffron City (Frick)

  25. Silph Company

  26. Route 16/17(+), 18 in progress.  (Tim)
 
+ 27. Fuchsia City (Jason)

-  28. Safari Zone (Joe)

- 29. Routes 12 & 13 (13 is done)

+ 30. Routes 14 & 15

  31. Route 21(Garrett)

+ 32. Cinnabar Island (done)

- 33. Pokémon Mansion (Everything but basement is done) (Michal Broniek)

- 34. Power Plant (Almost done) (Ryan Macnak)

+ 35. Routes 19 & 20 (Brad)

  36. Seafoam Island(Brad)

  38. Route 23 (NickWest)

  39. Victory Road (Nava)

  40. Indigo Plateau (Nava)

  41. Unknown Dungeon(steve)